# Project_FlaskWeb
This project consists of a Flask web application for data visualization and a survey form. The application allows users to submit survey data, which is then visualized using Matplotlib and displayed on a web page.

Files and Components
**1. app.py**
Description: This Python script defines the Flask web application. It handles routes for the survey form, data submission, and data visualization.
Dependencies: Flask, Flask-PyMongo, pandas, matplotlib.
Usage: Run app.py to start the Flask application.
**2. survey.html**
Description: HTML template for the survey form.
Usage: Renders the survey form where users can input their age, gender, total income, and expenses.
**3. user.py**
Description: Python class for representing user data and writing it to a CSV file.
Usage: Provides a User class with methods to create user objects and save their data to a CSV file.
**4. visualize.html**
Description: HTML template for displaying data visualizations.
Usage: Renders visualizations generated by app.py, including charts for ages with the highest income and gender distribution across spending categories.
Setup and Execution
Install Dependencies: Ensure you have Python installed, and install the required Python packages using pip:

pip install flask flask-pymongo pandas matplotlib
Run the Application: Execute app.py to start the Flask web application:

**python app.py**
The application will run locally, and you can access it in your web browser at http://127.0.0.1:5000. This is my local host while 51.20.4.173 host on AWS with this instance id i-0758a7bc8e06a89bc

Survey Form: Visit the homepage (/) to access the survey form. Fill out the form and submit your data.

Data Visualization: Access the data visualization page (/visualize) to view visualizations based on the submitted survey data. This visualization is for exporting and can be used for PowerPoint presentation

CSV Data Storage: Survey data is stored in a MongoDB database and can be further processed or analyzed as needed.

Note
Ensure that you have MongoDB installed and running, and update the MongoDB URI in app.py to point to your MongoDB instance.
Customize the application according to your specific requirements and design preferences. Also, remember to follow the path in other to display the correct data because the flask is specific to path for its html.
